## Standup Meeting  
**Date:**  see filename

## General updates:  none
 

## Individual updates:  

### Manager Team  
**Anastasia**  
+ *Previous work day progress:* None
+ *Plans for today:* Push FAQ, organize new tasks, meeting with manager
+ *Any blockers?* Midterm, lab work
 
**Nick**  
+ *Previous work day progress:*  Worked on divvying up tasks and organization stuff
+ *Plans for today:* Make a plan and set a deadline for a completed version of our pomo timer.
+ *Any blockers?* no

### Coding Team  

**Anshul**  
+ *Previous work day progress:*
None
+ *Plans for today:*
Review Ravi's PR, finish up todolist
+ *Any blockers?*
Quiz tomorrow and other school work

**Dan**  
+ *Previous work day progress:*
Convert UL elements to Table elements
+ *Plans for today:*
Meet with team about merging branches
+ *Any blockers?*
None

**Kewen**  
+ *Previous work day progress:*
fix JS
+ *Plans for today:*
continue fixing JS
+ *Any blockers?* no

### Design Team  

**Kyeling**  
+ *Previous work day progress:* updated past 4 standup notes, work for other classes
+ *Plans for today:* same as yesterday, css classes and look into background classes, check out the article on fonts that Ryan shared
+ *Any blockers?* CSE 167

**Michael**  
+ *Previous work day progress:* other classwork
+ *Plans for today:* push distraction-box
+ *Any blockers?* no

**Ravi**  
+ *Previous work day progress:* PR start button
+ *Plans for today:* review anshul's comments for start button
+ *Any blockers?* midterm and lab

**Ryan**  
+ *Previous work day progress:*
integrate pureCSS buttons with the timer
+ *Plans for today:*
dynamic sizing for the timer
+ *Any blockers?* nope
