## Powell Rangers / Group #28

**Type of meeting:**

**Which members were present:** Anastasiia Makhniaieva, Anshul Birla, Dan Magaril, Michael Vu, Nick Krolikowski, Kewen Zhao, Kyeling Ong, Ravi Tapia, Ryan Nishimoto

**Members who were not present:** None

**Where/when meeting was held:** zoom, 8:00 pm, Tue 3/2/21


## Agenda of what was discussed:

**Old business:**  
- Anastasiia - continue on faq styling
- Michael - not much
- Dan - backbone of stats, need to refactor distraction info
- Ryan - close issues
  - additional styling: scroll, delete, 
- Ravi/Nick - input fields, got rid of highlighted bar
- Kyeling - input/border fix but already in style-input branch
  - request from Dan: alternating gray rows
- Kewen - refactored code, successfully merged PR
- Anshul - working with Kewen, discussing stats with Dan
  - minor fixes - overflow counting
  - allow user to use timer without entering tasks
  - create dynamic example task for users first task

**New business:** 
version 2 features?
- delete button styling - Ryan
- scrollbar styling - Kyeling
  - rounded corners for table? - Kyeling
- ~~tooltip~~
- stats - Dan + Michael + Ravi
  - distraction box refactoring - Michael
- make stats/faq a popup instead of link - Anastasiia
- handle minimized window + zoom - Nick
- audio - Anshul (next week)
- background color animation - Ryan
- manually close some issues - everyone
- distraction box styling to fit theme - Kyeling
  - animation/background goes dark - Ryan
- emphasize current task? 
  - assign class name to it - Dan
  - styling class - 
- responsive tab header - Nick

handling rollover behavior?
- popup asking user
- use red to indicate not good



**Anything on the agenda that was not discussed:**  None


## Concluding notes:

**Decisions made:** 

**When the meeting finished:** 8:40
