## Powell Rangers / Group #28

**Type of meeting:** present project pitch

**Which members were present:** Anastasiia Makhniaieva, Anshul Birla, Dan Magaril, Michael Vu, Nick Krolikowski, Kyeling Ong, Sim Singh (TA)

**Members who were not present:** Kewen Zhao, Ravi Tapia, Ryan Nishimoto

**Where/when meeting was held:** [Sim's zoom](https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/91498354151) at 12:30 pm on Mon 2/8/21


## Agenda of what was discussed:

**Old business:** None

**New business:** 
+ present project pitch

Sim's questions/comments   
+ tomato trivia? daily trivia or...?
+ outside of project pitch: make sure to have project board and everyone assigned to tasks
+ targeting anxious people? what parts of the design are trying to relieve anxiety?
  + simplicity
  + checkmarks when completing tasks to help feel accomplished
+ user stories 
+ project board - assigning tasks to it, clarify who's doing what 
  + use of backlog from today's lecture
+ how to use page - too much text for someone with anxiety, not super user-friendly
  + "feel free to steal content from other people to explain what the Pomodoro technique is"
  + underdeveloped portion of design rn

**Anything on the agenda that was not discussed:**  None


## Concluding notes:

**Decisions made:** None

**When the meeting finished:** 12:48 pm
