## Powell Rangers / Group #28

**Type of meeting:** Working on creating documents in respective teams

**Which members were present:** Anastasiia Makhniaieva, Anshul Birla, Dan Magaril, Michael Vu, Nick Krolikowski, Kewen Zhao, Kyeling Ong, Ravi Tapia, Ryan Nishimoto

**Members who were not present:** None

**Where/when meeting was held:** [zoom](https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/93696118730) at 8:00 pm on 2/2/21


## Agenda of what was discussed:

**Old business:** 
+ continue breakout rooms 

**New business:** 
+ Project Pitch needs to be done by Sunday 
  + Present to Sim, goal: Thursday Manager Meeting
+ Anshul can take care of linting

Coding team + GitHub update
  + main has 96 commits now, anything committed to main has 
  + meeting_notes branch for administrative stuff and meeting notes
    + Let Sim know Thursday
  + Branches: <feature/bug/styling>/<3-4 word description>
    + Put in a pull request before merging to main (has to pass checks)

Design team updates 
  + Check over flow chart, feedback:
    + Change "end session" to "end day" - safer wording
    + Timer - make sure to end cycle
  + Design team will decide another time to meet during the week

**Anything on the agenda that was not discussed:**  None


## Concluding notes:

**Decisions made:** 
+ GitHub branches, nothing on main unless it's for the final website

**When the meeting finished:** 8:35 pm
