## Powell Rangers / Group #28

**Type of meeting:**

**Which members were present:** Anastasiia Makhniaieva, Anshul Birla, Dan Magaril, Michael Vu, Nick Krolikowski, Kewen Zhao, Kyeling Ong, Ravi Tapia, Ryan Nishimoto

**Members who were not present:** None

**Where/when meeting was held:** zoom, 6pm, Wed 3/17/21


## Agenda of what was discussed:

**Old business:**
video - private slide 
victories and challenges

**New business:** 
PR's to expect from everyone
+ Nick and Kyeling - input
+ Kyeling - scrollbar + bugfix
+ Ryan - waiting for other PRs since dark mode will mess up other styling
  + currently reviewing PRs
  + consistent code style
+ Anshul - done with button stuff, waiting for input PR
  + introduction library ready to push
  + onboarding docs
+ Dan - stats PR tonight after 9:30
+ Anastasiia - comments on FAQ popup PR
+ Kewen - current task branch almost done
  + help with stats at 9:30
+ Michael - fixed bug where enter refreshes page
  + making it line up with stats
+ Ravi - free now
  + help Kyeling with bug 8:30
  + write script
+ Nick + Anastasiia - recording

**Anything on the agenda that was not discussed:**  None


## Concluding notes:

**Decisions made:** 

**When the meeting finished:** 7:03 pm
