## Powell Rangers / Group #28

**Type of meeting:** Synthesis between ideas of Design and Coding teams, Project Pitch, Sunday deliverables

**Which members were present:** Anastasiia Makhniaieva, Anshul Birla, Dan Magaril, Michael Vu, Nick Krolikowski, Kewen Zhao, Kyeling Ong, Ravi Tapia, Ryan Nishimoto

**Members who were not present:** None

**Where/when meeting was held:** [zoom](https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/93696118730) at 7:02 pm on 2/4/21


## Agenda of what was discussed:

**Old business:** None

**New business:**   
Paper designs
+ Have everyone sketch out what an ideal task should look like  
+ Design team will finalize something and ask the rest of the group for input
  + Send sketches in a Slack thread

Coding team's design
+ Checkbox if finish pomos early?
  + Positive reinforcement
+ Reordering, finishing early, deleting tasks
  + Slides say it should be completed in order, have to stick to what you write down
+ RHS: display task that's up next instead of statistics
+ Delete task option - would it be confusing to have both checkbox and delete option

Project Pitch
+ Manager team meeting on Saturday 10 am

Standup
+ Missing standups? Team members' responsibility to fill it out in GitHub if it's late
+ Bot will @ people if not filled out by 10 pm

**Anything on the agenda that was not discussed:**  None


## Concluding notes:

**Decisions made:** 
+ Everyone send in a sketch to help finalize design
+ Turn in current design for project pitch and work out small details later
+ Standup - if anyone hasn't filled out previous days, they must do it themself

**When the meeting finished:** 7:34 pm
