## Powell Rangers / Group #28

**Type of meeting:** Manager Meeting

**Which members were present:** Anastasiia Makhniaieva, Anshul Birla, Dan Magaril, Michael Vu, Nick Krolikowski, Kewen Zhao, Kyeling Ong, Ravi Tapia, Ryan Nishimoto, Sim Singh (TA)

**Members who were not present:** None

**Where/when meeting was held:** Sim's zoom, 6:30 pm, Thu 2/18/21


## Agenda of what was discussed:

**Old business:** None

**New business:** 
+ ask for Sim's feedback
  + documentation looks good for Timer class
+ button styling
  + can use outside code as long as we can explain the decision
+ const should be all capitalized?
+ how much support are we expected to provide for screen size?
  + e.g. phone, phone sideways, shrink desktop
  + okay to say we expect people to run this on a laptop, certain ratio screen
+ how much to separate features

**Anything on the agenda that was not discussed:**  None


## Concluding notes:

**Decisions made:** 

**When the meeting finished:** 7:00 pm
