## Standup Meeting  
**Date:**  see filename

## General updates:  none
 

## Individual updates:  

### Manager Team  
**Anastasia**  
+ *Previous work day progress:*
FAQ button PR review, meeting, some updates to communication
+ *Plans for today:*
Fix FAQ, another meeting
+ *Any blockers?*
none
 
**Nick**  
+ *Previous work day progress:* Organized everyone, made plan of attack
+ *Plans for today:* Work with Ravi to style the input field
+ *Any blockers?* no

### Coding Team  

**Anshul**  
+ *Previous work day progress:* Worked on commenting
+ *Plans for today:* Merging things together
+ *Any blockers?* PR Reviews

**Dan**  

**Kewen**  
+ *Previous work day progress:* Implement local storage
+ *Plans for today:* implement todolistdom.test.js
+ *Any blockers?*

### Design Team  

**Kyeling**  
+ *Previous work day progress:* meeting, standup notes
+ *Plans for today:* work on styling after today's meeting
+ *Any blockers?* CSE 167

**Michael**  
+ *Previous work day progress:* meeting
+ *Plans for today:* create pull request
+ *Any blockers?* couldn't commit but it's all good now

**Ravi**  
+*Previous work day progress:*
meeting/ pr
+*Plans for today:* work with nick on input field
+*any blockers?* math 183 hw

**Ryan**  
+ *Previous work day progress:*
figured out what to work on. added icons to page
+ *Plans for today:*
create color schemes, finalize header styling
+ *Any blockers?* need to decide as a group colors

