## Standup Meeting  
**Date:**  see filename


## Individual updates:  

### Manager Team  
**Anastasia**  
+ *Previous work day progress:*
Meeting, fixed FAQ
+ *Plans for today:*
discussion meeting, video recording and editing
+ *Any blockers?*
none
 
**Nick**  
+ *Previous work day progress:* worked on designing the input fields
+ *Plans for today:* film and create script, continue reviewing PRs
+ *Any blockers?* no

### Coding Team  

**Anshul**  


**Dan**  


**Kewen**  
+ *Previous work day progress:*
Merged Local Storage branch
+ *Plans for today:*
Review PRs
+ *Any blockers?* no

### Design Team  

**Kyeling**  
+ *Previous work day progress:* table styling
+ *Plans for today:* rebase or merge(?) to-do list on main with feature/style-table, style FAQ if no one else is doing that
+ *Any blockers?* nah

**Michael**  
+ *Previous work day progress:* create pull request for distraction box
+ *Plans for today:* Stop timer and edit for pull request. Video recording.
+ *Any blockers?* tired

**Ravi**  
+ *Previous work day progress:* designing the input fields
+ *Plans for today:* video recording
+ *Any blockers?* no

**Ryan**  
+ *Previous work day progress:*
added icon color schemes
+ *Plans for today:*
review a pr, make pr for style
+ *Any blockers?* none except myself

