## Powell Rangers / Group #28

**Type of meeting:**

**Which members were present:** Anastasiia Makhniaieva, Anshul Birla, Dan Magaril, Michael Vu, Nick Krolikowski, Kewen Zhao, Kyeling Ong, Ravi Tapia, Ryan Nishimoto, Sim Singh (TA)

**Members who were not present:** None

**Where/when meeting was held:** Sim's zoom, 6:30 pm, Thu 3/11/21


## Agenda of what was discussed:

**Old business:** None

**New business:** 
+ what should Pipeline Phase 3 and 4 look like?
  + should be continual updates/improvements
  + using esdocs instead of jsdocs
    + automation: [https://github.com/actions/upload-artifact](https://github.com/actions/upload-artifact)
    + turn documentation into markdown for wiki
  + code quality but not expected anymore
+ how does code minifier work?
  + part of merge with main, after code checks
  + push to production branch
+ what finishing notes to pay attention to
  + how to pass on project to a new team member
    + documentation, how to open on computer, onboarding
  + will be an onboarding video assignment finals week
  + README includes dependencies and how to get it running, link to other part of wiki (style guide, etc)
    + have onboarding.md in another section of wiki, not main documentation
    + reference documentation in onboarding
    + include VSCode extensions, what to download (Node, npm, ESLint) etc.
+ how to showcase what we put effort into, e.g. edge cases instead of css
  + talk about it in video
  + 3 different video assignments

**Anything on the agenda that was not discussed:**  None


## Concluding notes:

**Decisions made:** 

**When the meeting finished:**
