## Powell Rangers / Group #28

**Type of meeting:** feedback plus what to finish up for MVP sprint

**Which members were present:** Anastasiia Makhniaieva, Anshul Birla, Dan Magaril, Michael Vu, Nick Krolikowski, Kewen Zhao, Kyeling Ong, Ravi Tapia, Ryan Nishimoto

**Members who were not present:** None

**Where/when meeting was held:** zoom, 8:00 pm, Mon 2/22/21


## Agenda of what was discussed:

**Old business:** None

**New business:** 
+ What to improve on:
  + managers - set more structured meeting agenda, push group members more
  + communicate more frequently on Slack, need to work faster to meet deadline
  + PR's - address the comments within a day (quick changes) + more reviewers
+ Tasks to prioritize:
  + FAQ
  + Distraction box
    + git merge main
    + manually resolve merge conflicts from main
 + This week:
   + merge project
   + video assignment for Thursday
 + Stats
   + type of stats, where to store, when to display
     + distraction -> saved into local storage time and description of distraction
     + total tasks, total time, total breaks
     + number of under/over-estimated pomos
     + avg distractions per session
   + first pass: list everything
   + second pass: give a productivity rating to the user
 + Video assignment - Tuesday
 + Styling:
   + stuff on main is good template for when to-do list integrates
   + Ryan did timer styling - need to merge or rebase
     + git rebase - takes everything from main and integrates with working branch
     + maybe merge is better?
     + branch features/styletimer
   + to-do
     + colors
     + make the box more rounded
     + make stats and faq button rounded as well
     + box shadows under buttons/text?
     + pomofocus - 3 colors looks nice
   + checkbox
     + [codepen](https://codepen.io/GeoffreyCrofte/pen/BiHzp)
     + bootstrap - compile single checkbox from it
   + table styling?

what everyone is going to do?
+ Kewen - local storage
  + clear all button to delete all tasks from local storage or delete one by one
  + maybe one day expire storage?
  + implement after implementing delete tasks
+ dev team - discuss later
  + need people to play around and break stuff
+ Michael - make stop button to stop the timer completely
  + wait for Ravi's PR to get merged into main
+ Ryan - send color schemes and add svg to stats and faq 
+ Ravi, Nick, Kyeling - styling table
  + meet Wednesday
+ group - meet Wednesday to film video

**Anything on the agenda that was not discussed:**  None


## Concluding notes:

**Decisions made:** 
+ whoever styles the checkboxes can pick the style
+ increase daily communication by sending daily messages in slack

**When the meeting finished:** 9:03 pm
