## Powell Rangers / Group #28

**Type of meeting:**

**Which members were present:** Anastasiia Makhniaieva, Anshul Birla, Dan Magaril, Michael Vu, Nick Krolikowski, Kewen Zhao, Kyeling Ong, Ravi Tapia, Ryan Nishimoto

**Members who were not present:** None

**Where/when meeting was held:** zoom, 8 pm, Tue 2/23/21


## Agenda of what was discussed:

**Old business:** None

**New business:** 
+ updates from everyone
  + Nick + Ravi - stylize task input
  + Ryan - color schemes, icons
  + Anastasiia + Kyeling - stylize rest of table
  + Kewen - local storage + delete progress
  + Anshul - addressing to-do list merge conflicts
    + Dan will help after the meeting
  + Michael - rebased, distraction box demo
    + get rid of alert since box goes away
+ video ideas + script
  + 4 minutes
  + slide or share screen to show features?
  + what to talk about
    + project, pipeline, preview for next sprint
    + work through each branch?
  + film adding some tasks
  + pipeline, show branches for
  + next steps: local storage, delete tasks, polishing styling, end day functionality
  + not everyone needs to talk
+ pipeline - codefactor not showing details
+ cypress - not worth it for small application
  + issues installing on windows
  + Nick can ask Sim
+ think ab fonts
  + only requirement: sans serif
  + clean - nothing extra

**Anything on the agenda that was not discussed:**  None


## Concluding notes:

**Decisions made:** sans serif font, blue color background

**When the meeting finished:** 8:42 pm
